# CreditCardService
A simple Java/SpringBoot service used to generate person files for credit card issuing system

# API Description
The API is described using OpenAPI and the interfaces and models are generated by Swagger Code Generator. This allows to provide API description to the client without digging into the codebase or exposing the database structure and entities.

# Running the service
There are two options when running the service:

- Running with Maven using H2 database
- Running it in Docker with PostgreSQL database

To run the service with Maven, run the following command in the project folder Terminal:

```bash
mvn clean install -Pdocker -DskipTests
```
After that, for running the docker-compose type in the following command:

```bash
docker-compose up
```
or:

```bash
docker-compose up -d
```
for detached mode.

# Functionality
The service supports basic CRUD operations on a Person object as well as generating new files in the "generatedFiles" folder for a person when requested.
> Note: Only one file for a person can have an ACTIVE status, so when a new file is created, all other files are deactivated.
> Also, when a person is deleted from the database, if it has an active file, it is deactivated.

# Try it out!

There is a Postman collection containing the basic API requests included in the project repository so it can be directly imported in the Postman app. The requests can than be modified for testing various data.
If you don't like Postman, you can import it in Insomnia or a similar API testing app or just use curl.
